edit distance: 0.98, transcript: candidate for president I promise that my Administration would fight every day for American workers, alignment: candidate for President, I promised that my Administration would fight every day for American Workers
edit distance: 0.99, transcript: years of unfair trade have hammered American families and plundered American well, alignment: Years of unfair trade have hammered American families and plundered American weal
edit distance: 0.91, transcript: solutely terrible for a country, alignment: solutely terrible for our country
edit distance: 0.98, transcript: we turned a blind eye while other nations targeted our industry, alignment: We turned a blind eye while other nations targeted our industr
edit distance: 0.85, transcript: ransacked rfactor, alignment: ransacked our factor
edit distance: 0.98, transcript: took advantage of our country they took advantage of our people, alignment: took advantage of our country. They took advantage of our people
edit distance: 0.98, transcript: over the last two decades the United States racked up, alignment: Over the last two decades, the United States racked up
edit distance: 0.97, transcript: 12.5 trillion-dollar trade deficits, alignment: 12.5 trillion dollar trade deficits
edit distance: 0.16, transcript: can goods and watch nearly one-third of our manufacturing jobs, alignment: can wealth.  It’s been absolutely terrible for our country. We turned a blind eye while other nations targeted our industries and ransacked our factories. They took advantage of our country. They took advantage of our people. Over the last two decades, the United States racked up $12.5 trillion dollar trade deficits in goods, and watched nearly one-third of our manufacturing jobs
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: disappear or go to other countries, alignment: disappear or go to other countries
edit distance: 0.98, transcript: we Finance the rise of other countries at the expense of our own middle-class people, alignment: We financed the rise of other countries at the expense of our own middle class people
edit distance: 0.11, transcript: get our leaders in Washington did absolutely nothing, alignment: geted our industries and ransacked our factories. They took advantage of our country. They took advantage of our people. Over the last two decades, the United States racked up $12.5 trillion dollar trade deficits in goods, and watched nearly one-third of our manufacturing jobs disappear or go to other countries.  We financed the rise of other countries at the expense of our own middle class people.  Yet our leaders in Washington did absolutely nothing
edit distance: 0.95, transcript: they allowed other countries to cheek, alignment: They allowed other countries to che
edit distance: 0.98, transcript: to break the rules and to steal our jobs with impunity, alignment: to break the rules, and to steal our jobs with impunity
edit distance: 0.99, transcript: politicians responded to economic aggression with economic surrender not anymore, alignment: Politicians responded to economic aggression with economic surrender. Not anymore
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: not going to happen, alignment: not going to happen
edit distance: 0.92, transcript: we're standing up for our families are Factory workers and our way of life, alignment: We’re standing up for our families, our factory workers, and our way of life
edit distance: 0.91, transcript: my Administration here's your voice, alignment: My Administration hears your voice
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: and has your back, alignment: and has your back
edit distance: 0.95, transcript: after a thorough investigation my Administration document is China's unfair Trade Practices, alignment: After a thorough investigation, my Administration documented China’s unfair trade practices
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: including forced technology transfers, alignment: including forced technology transfers
edit distance: 0.98, transcript: as a result of this investigation we're taking concrete actions to stop this abuse, alignment: As a result of this investigation, we’re taking concrete actions to stop this abuse
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: including proposing tariffs on select Imports designed to save our Industries for the future, alignment: including proposing tariffs on select imports designed to save our industries for the future
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: we have no other choice, alignment: We have no other choice
edit distance: 0.95, transcript: we'll get along with China they'll be friends of ours but they just can't take advantage of us any longer we will have a great relationship with China but it will be a fair relationship not like it was, alignment: We’ll get along with China – they’ll be friends of ours, but they just can’t take advantage of us any longer.  We will have a great relationship with China – but it will be a fair relationship, not like it was
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: we will also no longer tolerate unfair and non-reciprocal, alignment: We will also no longer tolerate unfair and non-reciprocal
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: trading practices, alignment: trading practices
edit distance: 0.97, transcript: not only with China but with anyone, alignment: not only with China, but with anyone
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: and my Administration will use all available authorities to protect, alignment: And my Administration will use all available authorities to protect
edit distance: 0.01, transcript: how great farmers, alignment: he expense of our own middle class people.  Yet our leaders in Washington did absolutely nothing.  They allowed other countries to cheat, to break the rules, and to steal our jobs with impunity.  Politicians responded to economic aggression with economic surrender. Not anymore – it’s not going to happen.  We’re standing up for our families, our factory workers, and our way of life.  My Administration hears your voice – and has your back.  After a thorough investigation, my Administration documented China’s unfair trade practices – including forced technology transfers.  As a result of this investigation, we’re taking concrete actions to stop this abuse, including proposing tariffs on select imports designed to save our industries for the future. We have no other choice. We’ll get along with China – they’ll be friends of ours, but they just can’t take advantage of us any longer.  We will have a great relationship with China – but it will be a fair relationship, not like it was.  We will also no longer tolerate unfair and non-reciprocal trading practices – not only with China, but with anyone. And my Administration will use all available authorities to protect our great farmers
edit distance: 0.92, transcript: we love our Farmers we're going to take care of our farm is, alignment: We love our farmers, we’re going to take care of our farm
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: we want fair and reciprocal trade, alignment: We want fair and reciprocal trade
edit distance: 0.04, transcript: what countries open their markets in equal measure and all sides play by the rules, alignment: hat my Administration would fight every day for American Workers.  Years of unfair trade have hammered American families and plundered American wealth.  It’s been absolutely terrible for our country. We turned a blind eye while other nations targeted our industries and ransacked our factories. They took advantage of our country. They took advantage of our people. Over the last two decades, the United States racked up $12.5 trillion dollar trade deficits in goods, and watched nearly one-third of our manufacturing jobs disappear or go to other countries.  We financed the rise of other countries at the expense of our own middle class people.  Yet our leaders in Washington did absolutely nothing.  They allowed other countries to cheat, to break the rules, and to steal our jobs with impunity.  Politicians responded to economic aggression with economic surrender. Not anymore – it’s not going to happen.  We’re standing up for our families, our factory workers, and our way of life.  My Administration hears your voice – and has your back.  After a thorough investigation, my Administration documented China’s unfair trade practices – including forced technology transfers.  As a result of this investigation, we’re taking concrete actions to stop this abuse, including proposing tariffs on select imports designed to save our industries for the future. We have no other choice. We’ll get along with China – they’ll be friends of ours, but they just can’t take advantage of us any longer.  We will have a great relationship with China – but it will be a fair relationship, not like it was.  We will also no longer tolerate unfair and non-reciprocal trading practices – not only with China, but with anyone. And my Administration will use all available authorities to protect our great farmers. We love our farmers, we’re going to take care of our farmers.  We want fair and reciprocal trade – where countries open their markets in equal measure, and all sides play by the rules
edit distance: 0.98, transcript: and that hasn't been happening in the past, alignment: And that hasn’t been happening in the past
edit distance: 0.98, transcript: what we won't tolerate are one-sided deals, alignment: What we won’t tolerate are one-sided deals
edit distance: 0.93, transcript: where we open our markets while other countries close there's, alignment: where we open our markets while other countries close their
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: only by standing up for ourselves can we end the abuse, alignment: Only by standing up for ourselves can we end the abuse
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: restore our prosperity, alignment: restore our prosperity
edit distance: 0.02, transcript: Henry Clay more economic independence, alignment: ent, I promised that my Administration would fight every day for American Workers.  Years of unfair trade have hammered American families and plundered American wealth.  It’s been absolutely terrible for our country. We turned a blind eye while other nations targeted our industries and ransacked our factories. They took advantage of our country. They took advantage of our people. Over the last two decades, the United States racked up $12.5 trillion dollar trade deficits in goods, and watched nearly one-third of our manufacturing jobs disappear or go to other countries.  We financed the rise of other countries at the expense of our own middle class people.  Yet our leaders in Washington did absolutely nothing.  They allowed other countries to cheat, to break the rules, and to steal our jobs with impunity.  Politicians responded to economic aggression with economic surrender. Not anymore – it’s not going to happen.  We’re standing up for our families, our factory workers, and our way of life.  My Administration hears your voice – and has your back.  After a thorough investigation, my Administration documented China’s unfair trade practices – including forced technology transfers.  As a result of this investigation, we’re taking concrete actions to stop this abuse, including proposing tariffs on select imports designed to save our industries for the future. We have no other choice. We’ll get along with China – they’ll be friends of ours, but they just can’t take advantage of us any longer.  We will have a great relationship with China – but it will be a fair relationship, not like it was.  We will also no longer tolerate unfair and non-reciprocal trading practices – not only with China, but with anyone. And my Administration will use all available authorities to protect our great farmers. We love our farmers, we’re going to take care of our farmers.  We want fair and reciprocal trade – where countries open their markets in equal measure, and all sides play by the rules. And that hasn’t been happening in the past.  What we won’t tolerate are one-sided deals where we open our markets while other countries close theirs.  Only by standing up for ourselves can we end the abuse, restore our prosperity, and reclaim our economic independence
edit distance: 0.97, transcript: we're going to make America wealthy again not only great again, alignment: We’re going to make America wealthy again, not only great again
edit distance: 0.95, transcript: thank you God bless you and God bless, alignment: Thank you. God bless you. And God bless
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: America, alignment: America