The South African parliament is set to choose a new president today following the resignation of Jacob Zuma.
Zuma, who faces numerous allegations of corruption, stepped down after intense pressure from within his own party, the ruling African National Congress.
Speaking at a news-conference, Zuma insisted that he had done nothing wrong
but said he would resign for the good of the party.
“No life
should be lost
in my name,
the ANC
should never
be divided in my name.
I have therefore come to the decision
to resign.”
Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa is expected to take over as South Africa's leader.
A 19 year old man has been arrested in the United States, in connection with a shooting at a high school in Parkland, Florida, that left 17 people dead.
The suspect, Nikolas Cruz, is reported to have been expelled from the school for disciplinary reasons.
It's the second deadliest school shooting in US history.
Senator Chris Murphy has joined calls for stricter gun control.
“This happens nowhere else
other than the United State of America,
this epidemic of mass slaughter,
this scourge
of school shooting after school shooting.”
The United Nations say more than ten thousand civilians were killed or wounded in violence in Afghanistan last year.
The toll is 9 percent lower than 2016.
Militant attacks accounted for around two-thirds of all civilian casualties,
however there was a significant increase in death and injury caused by international and government airstrikes.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has banned government ministers from having sex with staff,
following revelations that his deputy had an extramarital affair with a woman in his office.
Turnbull told a news-conference that Barnaby Joyce had not broken any rules
but had made a "shocking error of judgement."
Zimbabwe's opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai has died aged 65, after a long battle with cancer.
Tsvangirai led the political struggle against former president Robert Mugabe.
He was beaten and imprisoned several times.
The Austrian Chamber of Doctors has launched a public petition aimed at pressuring the government to implement a ban on smoking in bars and restaurants.
The ban was due to come into force in May.
However the new Austrian government announced plans to overturn the legislation, amid pressure from junior coalition partner, the Freedom Party.
There'll be some sunshine in the east and south this afternoon but clouds will move in from the west, bringing rain and snow showers to areas from Vorarlberg to Salzburg.
Top temperatures will range from -2 to +6 degrees.