The European Union has said it expects all parties to fully implement the 2015 agreement on Iran's nuclear programme,
after talks with the Iranian Foreign Minister in Brussels.
On Friday, President Trump will announce if he'll scrap the agreement.
The EU Foreign Policy chief, Federica Mogherini, said the deal with Iran was keeping Tehran's nuclear programme in check.
Tehran has always insisted its nuclear programme is for electricity and medicine, and not bombs.
Meanwhile, the UN rapporteur on human rights in Iran, Asma Jahangir,
says she's concerned that people arrested during recent anti-government protests there
are facing torture, and described a climate of fear:
"It is extremely oppressive in many ways,
the climate of fear that I see
amongst Iranians that express themselves from within the country.
So, this kind of perpetual repression I think cannot last forever."
More than 300 people have been arrested in Tunisia
during a third night of anti-government protests.
Police used tear gas against large crowds who are angry at recent price rises affecting basic goods.
Many say they can't live on their salaries.
The Prime Minister, Youssef Chahed, has condemned what he called unacceptable violence by protestors.
The army has been deployed to protect public buildings in several cities across the country.
New York City is suing five oil companies, accusing them of contributing to global warming.
The mayor, Bill de Blasio, also laid out plans to divest the city's pension fund of its shares in fossil fuel companies.
"We all know in this room, climate change is real
it's a painful, horrible reality.
But today we talk about how we break the cycle;
how we as a city, how we as a people, how we - 8 and a half million strong -
will no longer participate in a system that endangers
our very own people."
The two main parties in Germany are holding the last day of talks on whether to start negotiations about a new coalition government.
Senior members of Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats, and the Social Democrats,
said they were optimistic that they would enter formal talks.
Merkel said major obstacles remain, and that the parties had to agree on the right policies for the country.
The Weather

Sunny in mountain regions, but mostly overcast and foggy conditions elsewhere
Today's highs ranging from 0 to 8 degrees.