edit distance: 1.00, transcript: my fellow Americans, alignment: My fellow Americans
edit distance: 0.95, transcript: this week prosecutors law enforcement offices Homeland Security officials, alignment: This week, prosecutors, law enforcement officers, homeland security officials
edit distance: 0.96, transcript: lawmakers join me at the White House to address, alignment: lawmakers joined me at the White House to address
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: a very vicious threat to our communities, alignment: a very vicious threat to our communities
edit distance: 0.95, transcript: The Savage gang MS-13, alignment: the savage gang, MS-13
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: glaring loopholes in our laws have allowed criminals and gang members to break into our country, alignment: Glaring loopholes in our laws have allowed criminals and gang members to break into our country
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: for example, alignment: For example
edit distance: 0.98, transcript: under current law unaccompanied alien minors at the border, alignment: under current law, unaccompanied alien minors at the border
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: are released into American communities no matter where, alignment: are released into American communities no matter where
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: no matter how, alignment: no matter how
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: so easy for them because the laws are bad and they have to be changed, alignment: so easy for them because the laws are bad and they have to be changed
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: this loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, alignment: This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: which now operates in at least 40 States, alignment: which now operates in at least 40 states
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: in addition to MS-13, alignment: In addition to MS-13
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely, alignment: many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely
edit distance: 0.61, transcript: because I lost the show week, alignment: because our laws are so weak
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: so sad, alignment: so sad
edit distance: 0.96, transcript: at this week's Roundtable we learned the story of one family right here in Washington DC, alignment: At this week’s roundtable, we learned the story of one family right here in Washington, D.C
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: that hosted a person in their home, alignment: that hosted a person in their home
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: who then began to recruit their young son, alignment: who then began to recruit their young son
edit distance: 0.11, transcript: do MS-13, alignment: d a person in their home, who then began to recruit their young son to MS-13
edit distance: 0.97, transcript: when the boy's mother tried to stop it the gang member shot her in the head, alignment: When the boy’s mother tried to stop it, the gang member shot her in the head
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: blinding her for life, alignment: blinding her for life
edit distance: 0.95, transcript: she's lucky she lived but she's paying a very big price, alignment: She’s lucky she lived, but she’s paying a very big price
edit distance: 0.99, transcript: during my state of the union I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in federal law, alignment: During my State of the Union, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in federal law
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: that have endangered our communities, alignment: that have endangered our communities
edit distance: 0.11, transcript: an imposed enormous burdens on us taxpayers, alignment: an to recruit their young son to MS-13. When the boy’s mother tried to stop it, the gang member shot her in the head, blinding her for life. She’s lucky she lived, but she’s paying a very big price.  During my State of the Union, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in federal law that have endangered our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U.S. taxpayers
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: my Administration has identified three major priorities, alignment: My Administration has identified three major priorities
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: creating a safe, alignment: creating a safe
edit distance: 0.95, transcript: modern and lawful immigration system fully security the Border, alignment: modern and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: ending chain migration, alignment: ending chain migration
edit distance: 0.02, transcript: I'm cancelling the Visa Lottery, alignment: iminals and gang members to break into our country. For example, under current law, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are released into American communities no matter where, no matter how, it is so easy for them because the laws are bad and they have to be changed. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, which now operates in at least 40 states.  In addition to MS-13, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because our laws are so weak, so sad, so pathetic.  At this week’s roundtable, we learned the story of one family right here in Washington, D.C. that hosted a person in their home, who then began to recruit their young son to MS-13. When the boy’s mother tried to stop it, the gang member shot her in the head, blinding her for life. She’s lucky she lived, but she’s paying a very big price.  During my State of the Union, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in federal law that have endangered our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U.S. taxpayers.  My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border, ending chain migration, and canceling the visa lottery
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: chain migration is a disaster and very unfair to our country, alignment: Chain migration is a disaster and very unfair to our country
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: the Visa Lottery is something that should have never been allowed in the first place, alignment: The visa lottery is something that should have never been allowed in the first place
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: people enter a lottery to come into our country, alignment: People enter a lottery to come into our country
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: what kind of a system is that, alignment: What kind of a system is that
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: is time for Congress to act and to protect Americans, alignment: is time for Congress to act and to protect Americans
edit distance: 1.00, transcript: every member of Congress should choose the side of law enforcement, alignment: Every member of Congress should choose the side of law enforcement
edit distance: 0.03, transcript: by the side of the American people, alignment: by MS-13, which now operates in at least 40 states.  In addition to MS-13, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because our laws are so weak, so sad, so pathetic.  At this week’s roundtable, we learned the story of one family right here in Washington, D.C. that hosted a person in their home, who then began to recruit their young son to MS-13. When the boy’s mother tried to stop it, the gang member shot her in the head, blinding her for life. She’s lucky she lived, but she’s paying a very big price.  During my State of the Union, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in federal law that have endangered our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U.S. taxpayers.  My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border, ending chain migration, and canceling the visa lottery. Chain migration is a disaster and very unfair to our country. The visa lottery is something that should have never been allowed in the first place. People enter a lottery to come into our country. What kind of a system is that? It is time for Congress to act and to protect Americans. Every member of Congress should choose the side of law enforcement, and the side of the American People
edit distance: 0.96, transcript: that's the way it has to be, alignment: That’s the way it has to be